CROWNS OF MARTYRDOM, V

To this the deacon retorts: ‘⁴ If now you see the
powers of your dogs grow feeble, come (for you are
yourself the superior executioner), show them how
they can eleave me to my lowest depths3 put in your
own hands and drink the hot streams. You mistake,
bloody man, if you think you are exacting punishment
from me when you mangle and kill a body which is
naturally subject to death. There is another, within
the body, whom no man is able to outrage, who is
uneonfined, undisturbed, unharmed, exempt from
all your grievous pains. This that you struggle to
destroy with such vehement passion is but a frail
vessel of clay, doomed to be broken in one way or
another. But try now rather to cut and beat the
being who stands fast within, who tramples on your
madness, persecutor! This, this is he you must
attaek and destroy‚ a being who is invincible, un-
conquerable, subject to no storms, and under God
alone.” At these words he is once more torn with
the creaking hooks, and the governor with crafty lips
hisses out at him a serpent's words: ‘⁸ If your stub-

born spirit makes your breast so thick-skinned and

Ι79

